002
maglev heist
success

# Mission // #002

## Maglev heist

*“The blackfin divison is hiding the truth from the people! They sit in the comfort of their fortress and plot from the shadows! Its time we bring them into the light! -Marion Darley, Badger Radio Operator”*  


# Goals

- Locate *Dr. Wetts*. He has recently traveled to Fission City to negotiate with *United Doppler*.
- Get hold of the data containing the maglev train routes, rail switch protocols and access codes from *Dr. Wetts*.
- Break through the Blackfin Division's defences and board the train.
- Access the Blackfin Division servers, download the contents and destroy the them.

# Stakes

- Will you join the resistance againt the Blackfin's tyrannical rule of Doppler-14 and stop their plans, or will the Blackfin Divison ruin turn Doppler-14 into rubble?
- Will you discover the truth behind the drop point incident, the Ashen Hounds defeat, and the initial attack on Doppler-14?
- Will you lead the Badgers' resistance to a hard fought victory, or will you betray them for someone else?

---

> Information was leaked by an operator of the Muninn’s Jailers was picked up by Dr. Osmot, a HA counter intelligence officer, who has turned his back on HA. He has knowledge that the peacekeepers, or by their real name, the Blacktip Division has plans to fire their long cycle weapons at the planet's core, destabilizing it. Currently the Blacktip Divison remains untouchable due to the Orbital Eye's surveillance and their fortress, the Star station, both protected by a cascading NHP. However, Dr. Osmot has revealed that much of the Blacktip's information about the Orbital Eye, and their defenses is located on a high speed maglev train currently on its way through the region. The problem, knowing the route that the train will take. At this time only the top officials of the Blackfin group has this information. One of them, Dr Wetts, is currently making negotiations with UD (United Doppler) located in Fission city. 

> Locating Dr Wetts, and gaining access to the Rail Switch protocols remains the goal of all the major factions that hold power on Doppler-14. All of them looking for an upper hand in the fight. The Badgers are pleading with you to join them in the fight, to break through the Blacktip defenses, and acquire the information on the “Star” station, and it's weaknesses.