003
rushing for ground
start

# Mission // #003

## Rushing for ground

*“Its all out on the local omninet! Our storage facilities, routes, journals, everything! We are loosing control, general! -Nathan Allen, Blackfin economist”*  


# Goals

- Get into contact with forces opposing the Blackfin Division.
- Aid them, and unite the different groups on Doppler-14.
    - Aid the Badgers. An attack has been planned on the large scale printer facility owned by the Cecropia group.
    - Aid the Harrison Loyalists. A member of the loyalists have betrayed them, they seek to extract them from Eternal city.
    - Aid the Cecropia group. The cecropia group wants to get their hands on the 'golden eagle' aircraft owned by the Badgers.
    - Aid the Munnin's Jailers. The Jailers are looking for a "stone from the red planet". They know it is in Eternal city.
    - Aid the United Doppler. Retvil Kas has been struggling to maintain power. United Doppler looks for more drastic alternatives.

# Stakes

- Will the factions be able to join under a common banner against the blackfin division, or will they tear each other apart.
- With all of the Blackfin Divisions secrets laid bare, will they crumble under the weight of the pressure, or will they rebuild their iron grip on Doppler-14.

---

> The different factions are sensing a possibility for a power grasp. They are all looking to take a piece of the Blackfin pie. But they want to be the only ones to get that piece. Small wars have broken out between the factions as they try and get the technological and financial advantage. Betrayals, allegiances and rivalries run rampant. The factions of Doppler-14 will need an external factor to succeed in their goals. If left to their own devices the factions will tear each other apart.

> The Cecropia group is looking to acquire the source code for a “shield breaker”, a omninet injection protocol which they can use to gain lower level access to the SSC's home campus and gain access to the trade and stocks of the SSC. The source code is protected by the Muninn's Jailers within their metafold vault (metavault). To gain access to the metavault, the group wants to attack a badgers outpost which holds one of the few planes not controlled by the Blackfin division.

> Muninn's Jailers are looking to collect one of their own; “Stone from the red planet” a former Loyalist,  who has been sent on a mission to Eternal to access the lowest point of the cities network. She has mapped the stars on his body which they need to traverse the “hidden regions” of Blinkspace. 

> Harrison Loyalists seek a vital top leader, “Julieta Stone” in Eternal who betrayed them by feeding information to Soren for years. One of the original members of the Blackfin; and the engineer behind the orbital eye. Isma seeks to gain the information she has on General Soren Kirk's plan. 

> Badgers are looking to get back at the Harrison loyalists and Blackfin division who attacked their HQ. An attack against the Blackfin infrastructure in Usmad. They have plans to steal the Cecropia groups large scale printer using helicopters to pull it out of the groups HQ.