004
Blackfin's Weapons Facility
unavailable

# Mission // #004

## Blackfin's Weapons Facility

*"It is with this, the land-splitter, I sentence the entierty of Vumat to burn, to break and to die." - Gustav Rowell, Director of the Tacex (Tactical Execution), 4998u*  

# Goals

- Breach the shield around the Blackfin weapons facility.
- Disable the production of the new Blackfin Tacex mech weaponry
- Acquire the plans detailing the starpoint station defensive and offensive abilities
- Disable the starpoint station's long cycle weapon ammuntion production
- Incapacitate Blackfin Division leaders
    - Gustav 'Crusher' Rowell
    - Willianms 'Claws' Hyle

# Stakes

- Will you be able to stop the production of new and dangerous Tacex weapons, or will the tacex be able to fight back against the uprising undoing everything you have done so far?
- Will the weak points of starpoint station be uncovered and Gustav Rowell stopped, or will Gustav Rowell be allowed to continue his inhuman and horrific experiments?
- Will Williams Hyle go free for his betrayal of the United Doppler and Ashen Hounds? Will he retreat far from the reach of the hands of Doppler-14, never to be seen again?
- Will the long cycle weapon become operational again? Will the Blackfin Division be able to wield the 'land-splitter' to vaporize the resistance.

---

> The Blackfin division after a long time of unstable peace has started producing a new line of mechs and weapons that would demolish any opposition from the local factions who are opposed to the Blackfin. The facility is highly guarded with a large projected shield making entry nigh impossible, and air attacks null and void. The base is currently under the supervision of Gustav Rowell who is in charge of the starpoint station security, with Williams Hyle is overseeing the production line and facility operations. The badgers have been looking for a way to break through the shield, and are gathering to make an attack against the base, meanwhile rumors of the leader of the Cecropia group; Yaki Ismil, has been spotted traveling to the base. The united doppler leader, Retvil Kas, was set to meet with the general of the Blackfin Division to disguss the implementation of the long cycle weapon mounted on starpoint station, but has not been heard from since. The last someone heard was a hastily typed out message that the Blackfin Division had rerouted their Retvil's car to the base of the Boscier Mountain. 